refs #371: Added the whole contributions guidelines section (#372)
carenalgas/popochiu: docs/src/contributing-to-popochiu/basics.md

Is it perfect? Certainly not. Popochiu began as a solo project on Godot 3.5, and over time, some original decisions have shown their limits. Godot itself evolves, offering new possibilities that outshine older approaches. While some choices hold up well, others are due for improvement.

How can you distinguish between deliberate decisions and past missteps? Communication is key. Reach out to the maintainers on Discord or open an issue to discuss your ideas with the community. What seems like a poor choice might make sense in a broader context. Or it might confirm your instincts, giving you the opportunity to improve things.

By collaborating and discussing upfront, you can ensure your contribution is impactful and warmly welcomed!

### Leave the place better than you found it

We strive to build upon design patterns and best practices, keeping the code clean and readable at all times.

> Adventure games are so simple that they used to captivate us on a 286: running one on modern hardware - even a portable console or a phone - is a breeze. This allows us to focus on the performance that really matters: **how efficiently people can read, write, and maintain Popochiu's code**. By prioritizing clarity and maintainability, we make the codebase more stable and predictable for everyone.

Reviewer: Just out of curiosity. What does the 286 means? Maybe I'm slow today, but I didn't get it 🤓 .

Author: Referring to this: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Intel_80286

But maybe this works better if I name a Commodore 64 or an Amiga 500?

Author: I decided to address this by linking a youtube video with some archeological information :smile:

5. Not all is code: the plugin extends the Godot Editor interface in a variety of ways, exposing custom UI. Skills in interaction or UI design, as well as user/developer experience is invaluable to make Popochiu easy to use to everyone.
6. Last but not least, taking the time to read this whole section of the docs is **very** appreciated.

## Contribution Q&As

**Q:** Is there any guideline for opening a PR?
**A:** Yes! Please read the [Coding Standards](coding-standards) section for all the relevant information about that.

**Q:** I'm working with an unstable/unsupported version of Godot and I have worked around some errors. Should I open a PR?
**A:** It depends. If you are using a development or otherwise unstable version of Godot other than a release candidate, then **no**, we will close the PR without even looking at it. The reason is we already spent time addressing bugs that were due to Godot, not Popochiu and that solved themselves once Godot reached a more stable status.  

> If you're testing a release-candidate, we can be interested in reviewing the PR, but you'll have to test it against the next stable release when it's available before it gets merged. Also, the solution should always work on the officialy supported Godot version, if different form the most recent one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're testing a release-candidate, we can be interested in reviewing the PR, but you'll have to test it against the next stable release when it's available before it gets merged. Also, the solution should always work on the officially supported Godot version, if it differs from the most recent one.
```

**Q:** Yeah, but since I saw a bug using a newer version, can I at least open an issue so that we don't forget to check it later down the road?

> **A:** **We don't accept bugs related to unsupported version of Godot** anc close them without review. Period.

Reviewer: Yikes! It sounds a bit harsh, but we can always see how people react before discussing whether it's worth changing our minds.

```suggestion
**A:** **We don't accept bugs related to unsupported versions of Godot**, and close them without review. Period.
```

Author: I think I'm going to make this a bit softer, keeping the meaning anyway ;)

**Q:** Creating my game with Popochiu I developed a customization and I think it can be useful to everyone. What should I do?

> **A:** Customizations are great, but making them accessible to the broad public may require more work then just committing the code you have at hand. The best course of action is to [review the project board](https://github.com/orgs/carenalgas/projects/1/views/1) and see if what you did is already tracked, requested or in progress. If not, you can open a feature request, with your detailed use case, mentioning that you are willing to take it over. We can discuss implementation details and if you really want to contribute a working solution, you'll be more than welcome.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** Customizations are great, but making them accessible to the broad public may require more work than just committing the code you have at hand. The best course of action is to [review the project board](https://github.com/orgs/carenalgas/projects/1/views/1) and see if what you did is already tracked, requested or in progress. If not, you can open a feature request, with your detailed use case, mentioning that you are willing to take it over. We can discuss implementation details and if you really want to contribute a working solution, you'll be more than welcome.
```
